<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs with-toc">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Community Development · WebPlatform Docs</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/docs.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/highlight.css" />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <!--[if lt IE 7]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE7.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE8.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE9.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/ie7.css"><![endif]-->
    
    
    
    <script src="/bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="/bower_components/vue/dist/vue.min.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr skin-webplatform action-view">
    
    <header id="mw-head" class="noprint">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="p-logo">
            <a href="/"  title="Visit the home page"></a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </header>
    <nav id="sitenav">
    <div class="container">
      <ul class="links">
          <li><a href="/" class="active">THE DOCS</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/Community">CONNECT</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/WPD/Contributors_Guide/">CONTRIBUTE</a></li>
          <li><a href="/blog/">BLOG</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </nav>

    <div id="siteNotice">
      <div id="localNotice" dir="ltr" lang="en">
    
        <div class="notice" style="margin:10px auto; position: relative; width: 90%; max-width: 950px;">
          <div style="padding: 10px; border-radius: 4px; background-color: rgb(249, 247, 243); box-shadow: 0px 0px 1px rgb(167, 169, 172);">
            <strong>Notice:</strong>&nbsp;The WebPlatform project, supported by various stewards between 2012 and 2015, has been <b>discontinued</b>. This site is now available on <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/webplatform.github.io/">github</a>.
          </div>
        </div>
    
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="mw-body">
      <div class="container">
        <a id="top"></a>
        <div class="tool-area">
              <div id="hierarchy-menu">
                  <ol id="breadcrumb-info" class="breadcrumbs">
                    <li><a href="/">DOCS</a></li>
                  	<li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/">WPD/Community</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/">Meetings</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/Community_Development/">Community Development</a></li>
                  </ol>
              </div>
        </div>
        <div id="page">
          <div id="page-content">
            <div id="main-content">

<h1>Community Development</h1>
<p>This is the Community Development Task Force meeting page.</p>
<p>See <a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Task_Force/Community">Community Development</a> task force page.</p>
<p><strong>Time:</strong> TBD</p>
<p><strong>Zakim Bridge:</strong> +1.617.761.6200</p>
<p><strong>Conference code:</strong> 3627 (“DOCS”)</p>
<p><strong>VOIP:</strong> <a href="sip:zakim@w3.org">sip:zakim@w3.org</a></p>
<p><strong>IRC Channel:</strong> #webplatform <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/webplatform">irc</a> <a href="http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#webplatform">webchat</a></p>
<h2>Tuesday, May 21, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
<li>Follow up on Action Items</li>
<li>Progress on projects
<ul>
<li>Doc sprints</li>
<li>University outreach</li>
<li>Recognition &amp; rewards</li>
<li>Beta community efforts</li>
<li>Anything else?</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<h2>Tuesday, May 07, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
<li>May 22nd NYC Doc Sprint has been canceled.</li>
<li>Tabled items from last week (see below)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<p>Present: shepazu, julee, jswisher, scott_rowe, millo (IRC only)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doc sprints</p>
<ul>
<li>May 22nd NYC Doc Sprint has been postponed. Patrick is seeking a venue and a date.</li>
<li>North Carolina sprint (Doug) is looking unlikely.</li>
<li>No sprint for Portland/OSCON, as it’s mostly <em>not</em> a webdev conference; but do a WPD Wednesday that week.</li>
<li>Millo reports he has tentatively scheduled a sprint in Seattle for May 31st, in collaboration with U of Washington.</li>
<li>Jay Meissner is working on setting up a sprint in Zurich, in conjunction with a conference, August 28th.</li>
<li>Paul Verbeek (who attended the Berlin sprint) is organizing a sprint in conjunction with Fronteers in Amsterdam in October. Scott hopes to attend.</li>
<li>ACTION: Scott to update Events page (already DONE)</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>University outreach</p>
<ul>
<li>Clarify what we’re asking academics to do</li>
<li>So far, just subscribe to a news list.</li>
<li>Not focusing (yet) on programs or direct recruiting</li>
<li>Reaching out to Tech Writing depts, like at UWash (not all U’s have them)</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Beta community efforts</p>
<ul>
<li>WPD Wednesday is to push towards beta content quality</li>
<li>Reviewing is one of the 5 tasks for WPD Wed, along with writing basic facts, writing explanations, writing examples with explanations, and filling in links to related content.</li>
<li>The CSS mailing list is a good place to recruit interested, knowledgeable people (not nec. CSS Working Group members, who are already over-burdened)</li>
<li>Can do a broadcast appeal on the list; better if comes from someone not affiliated with W3C. ACTION: Julee to send message that Doug has drafted.</li>
<li>Also approach list members 1-to-1: “Your post on X was great! Can you help write/edit/review WPD pages about X?” I.e., specific to that person, and their expertise, in response to something they did, asking for specific action. ACTION: Doug to ask Lea to keep an eye out for candidates; Julee is also on the list and can help.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h2>Tuesday, April 30, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
<li>Progress on university outreach.
<ul>
<li>Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li>We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li>Should we have a “New &amp; Notable” checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul>
<li>Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li>Get a campaign id for piwik.</li>
<li>Write a blog about it.</li>
<li>Send it out in social media.</li>
<li>Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li>Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc Sprint North Carolina (?)</li>
<li>Doc Sprint Zurich, targeted for August 28: Call for Experts, who can support the event on-site?</li>
<li>NYC Doc Sprint update
<ul>
<li>Patrick D’Souza working with venues to host the event before he starts promoting the event <a href="http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/">http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/</a></li>
<li>One of the organizers of Patrick’s meetup has backed out because of some personal reasons so he’s working with another organizer Matt Mapplebeck to identify venues and promote it. Working with About.com to get them to host the event (tentative). Emails have been sent out to other potential venues and meetup organizers and I’m waiting for their response this week</li>
<li>Appnexus is unable to host the event as they are hosting some other events during that week.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<h4>Present</h4>
<p>scottrowe, julee, patrickdsouza, shepazu, millo</p>
<h4>Agenda items addressed</h4>
<ul>
<li>Progress on university outreach.
<ul>
<li>Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li>Considered jswisher’s (not present) recommendation against large-scale, cold-mailing.</li>
<li>Resolved to clarify purpose and approach for including university contacts on public-webplatform-news e-mail list.
<ul>
<li>Julee will respond to jswisher on public-webplatform e-mail list.</li>
<li>Approaching only known contacts, asking permission to include them first.</li>
<li>Working through contacts to recruit university students.</li>
<li>public-webplatform-news@w3.org:
<ul>
<li>Update current content areas of focus.</li>
<li>Announcements of fellowships, internships, etc.</li>
<li>Analytics &amp; metrics (scoreboard), top pages, top contributors, etc. (patrickdsouza)</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Millo will also reach out to contacts at IEEE and ACM university chapters</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?
<ul>
<li>Julee to include the following criteria in the <a href="/docs/WPD/Project_Status">Bet Criteria</a>:
<ul>
<li>CSS Properties, HTML5 APIs complete</li>
<li>Gold standards and a representative page for each topic type</li>
<li>A cogent content architecture</li>
<li>Re-evaluate the flag system
<ul>
<li>More actionable: guide to contribution on the spot</li>
<li>Less cautionary: not so scary</li>
<li>A clear distinction as to the level of readiness for each page</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Clearly defined on-boarding process
<ul>
<li>Editor’s guide, Getting Started guide improvements (julee and shepazu working on it)</li>
<li>More involvement from community leadership: office hours, content wrangling meeting</li>
<li>Clearly defined doc sprint process</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Resources for achieving beta
<ul>
<li>Re-purpose steward resources toward beta priorities</li>
<li>Begin regular content wrangling sessions on IRC and direct new contributors through that process</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h4>Agenda items tabled</h4>
<ul>
<li>Clarify scope and purpose of university outreach with jswisher</li>
<li>Fellowships, funding for contributors in university outreach (jkomoros may have more information)</li>
<li>Beta leadership and timing</li>
<li>Doc sprints
<ul>
<li>New York, May 22-23
<ul>
<li>Patrick D’Souza working with venues to host the event before he starts promoting the event <a href="http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/">http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/</a></li>
<li>One of the organizers of Patrick’s meetup has backed out because of some personal reasons so he’s working with another organizer Matt Mapplebeck to identify venues and promote it. Working with About.com to get them to host the event (tentative). Emails have been sent out to other potential venues and meetup organizers and I’m waiting for their response this week</li>
<li>Appnexus is unable to host the event as they are hosting some other events during that week.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>North Carolina in August (?)</li>
<li>Zurich, targeted for August 28: Call for Experts, who can support the event on-site?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Should we have a “New &amp; Notable” checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul>
<li>Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li>Write a blog about it.</li>
<li>Send it out in social media.</li>
<li>Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li>Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<p>===Minutes</p>
<p>10:03 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; community development task force meeting now starting 10:03 AM — scottrowe_ is scribe 10:03 AM ⇐ chrismills quit (~chrismill@135.244.112.87.dyn.plus.net) Quit: chrismills 10:03 AM — julee present 10:03 AM &lt;Millo&gt; present 10:03 AM → David_Herz joined (~wpd@46-116-231-237.bb.netvision.net.il) 10:03 AM — Millo 10:04 AM — Millo present 10:05 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; University outreach 10:06 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher (not present) recommends against cold-mailing. 10:08 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; we want to get folks on the news list 10:08 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; but the goals of University outreach may be beyond the news list and beta launch 10:10 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo recommends reaching out to IEEE and ACM 10:10 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu (not present) may have contacts 10:11 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo has contacts at IEEE and ACM 10:11 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: need to define our goals, message 10:12 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; motion to table discussion until jswisher and shepazu can attend 10:14 AM — shepazu on the way 10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; sorry was away in meetings. 10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; still stuck in a meeting so i’m unable to attend 10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; the call 10:18 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu suggests that Milo take point of reaching out to ACM and IEEE 10:19 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; following on irc 10:20 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: need to define the message 10:20 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: milo to define the message 10:21 AM &lt;David_Herz&gt; Sorry if this is out of line - I don’t know what the protocol is. Do I ask a question here? Can I put my hand up to make a comment? Anyway, what I want to ask is relative to the previous question about goals. In reaching out to universities, are we looking for collaborators or to make people aware of our docs as a source for developing best practices? In other words should people already be looking here as this being a com 10:21 AM &lt;David_Herz&gt; resource. If so, why start so late (i.e. university)? My kids, starting at 9 years old, are going to eCamp this summer. 10:22 AM &lt;julee&gt; We’re still going pursue University channels that are already there. 10:23 AM ⇐ Ryan_Lane quit (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane) Ping timeout: 268 seconds 10:24 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Resolved: still pursue university outreach, known, targeted audience 10:25 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; plan is to contact known persons directly and ask to be included on the news list 10:26 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Criteria for Beta 10:27 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; issue: we don’t have enough resources to achieve beta status, as currently defined 10:27 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; link: 10:27 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/Project_Status">/docs/WPD/Project_Status</a> 10:29 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: do we have anyone driving creation of css pages? 10:29 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: I am. Need to recruit (loop back to university outreach). 10:30 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/CSS_property_guide">/docs/WPD/CSS_property_guide</a> 10:30 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AkRs-89PKiZpdE0xdm9Sb1ZvRW1ZRzMtWEdyU0Z4OEE">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AkRs-89PKiZpdE0xdm9Sb1ZvRW1ZRzMtWEdyU0Z4OEE</a> 10:30 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: how many pages left to work on in CSS properties? 10:30 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; ^^ 10:31 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane) 10:32 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: proposes pulling our own resources off of other projects to drive CSS properties for beta 10:35 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; do we have a hard deadline for beta ? 10:36 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: proposes developing a task force for beta 10:42 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: the task force comprised of web development people 10:44 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: stewards could each take a batch of pages and drive their completion 10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: we need a recruiting plan 10:54 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: julee to create recruiting plan with on-ramping description for CSS properties 10:55 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; patrickdsouza, we have a vague one, and we’re working toward a specific date 10:55 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; thanks shepazu 10:58 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; David_Herz, right now, our main focus is on reference material, not the educational material. Once we’re in Beta, we’ll focus more on the educational stuff. So the current university push is to get web-savvy engineers and designers to help contribute 11:04 AM — Millo leave! 11:04 AM ⇐ Millo quit (836b93a9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.107.147.169) Quit: Page closed 11:04 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/Project_Status">/docs/WPD/Project_Status</a> 11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; i’m thinking i should create a weekly analytics mail outlining the metrics for the last week 11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top pages 11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top tracking campaigns 11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top trends 11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; do we want to pull data about pages worked on during the week 11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top contributors for the week 11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; etc 11:21 AM ↔ patrickdsouza nipped out 11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; shepazu: For Beta: CSS Properties are very good. 11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Golden standards for each other topic type 11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; … All of our msging should include links to those exemplars 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Re-evaluate the flag system 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Each flag a call to action 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … how to display flags so they’re encouraging 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … a very clear on-boarding process with a regular rythum 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; ummm… 11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; ;-) 11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … a very clear Doc Sprint process 11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … and announcements 11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … flag system should make it clear whether page is ready to consume or ready to edit</p>
<h2>Tuesday, April 23, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
<li>Progress on university outreach.
<ul>
<li>Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li>We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc sprints, tabled items from previous meeting.
<ul>
<li>NYC Doc Sprint: Patrick D’Souza has volunteered to be a leader/organizer.
<ul>
<li>Patrick’s last meetup: <a href="http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/">http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/</a></li>
<li>He has ideas for spaces, such as appnexus and GA</li>
<li>Promote it: <a href="http://www.meetup.com/ny-tech/">http://www.meetup.com/ny-tech/</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li>North Carolina (?)</li>
<li>OSCon, Portland, OR - July (?)</li>
<li>Amersterdam - October</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li>Should we have a “New &amp; Notable” checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul>
<li>Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li>Write a blog about it.</li>
<li>Send it out in social media.</li>
<li>Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li>Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doug had a great idea
<ul>
<li>Add link to contributing to JS project on alert pages</li>
<li>Write a cool article about “do not track”</li>
<li>Promo it on reddit</li>
<li>Then, when folks come to visit they get the call to action~</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<h4>Present</h4>
<p>jswisher, scottrowe, patrickdsouza, shepazu</p>
<h4>Agenda items addressed</h4>
<ul>
<li>Doc Sprint - New York, May 22-23
<ul>
<li>Patrick D’Souza has volunteered to be a leader/organizer
<ul>
<li>Patrick’s last meetup: <a href="http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/">http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/</a></li>
<li>He has ideas for spaces, such as appnexus and GA, will work on venues</li>
<li>Patrick will try to get on the <a href="https://www.internetweekny.com/schedule/all#/?filters=on">Internet Week calendar</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doug will develop guidance, documentation, script for working on the JavaScript reference</li>
<li>Janet plans to attend</li>
<li>Scott plans to attend (tentative)</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc Sprint OSCon, Portland, OR - July
<ul>
<li>Resolved to pursue running a small doc sprint during the week of the conference</li>
<li>Janet and Doug will be able to attend; Scott’s a maybe</li>
<li>Doug to look into getting space</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc Sprint New York - September 13
<ul>
<li>No conference to coat-tail</li>
<li>Peter and Scott will handle all details</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc Sprint Amersterdam - October
<ul>
<li>No new developments</li>
<li>Still on track</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doug’s great idea ~ discussion ensued
<ul>
<li>Develop a communication strategy for “seasonal” content (i.e. Do Not Track)</li>
<li>Recruit contributions</li>
<li>Utilize W3C and Steward company pipeline of releases and efforts (i.e. WebRTC)</li>
<li>Develop a WPD page banner for current area of emphasis</li>
<li>Blog, Tweet, etc.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h4>Agenda items tabled</h4>
<ul>
<li>Progress on university outreach.
<ul>
<li>Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li>We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li>Should we have a “New &amp; Notable” checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul>
<li>Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li>Write a blog about it.</li>
<li>Send it out in social media.</li>
<li>Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li>Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Doc Sprint North Carolina (?)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Minutes</h3>
<p>10:01 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Community Development Task Force Meeting Starting Now 10:05 AM → jswisher joined (~jswisher@cpe-173-174-46-161.austin.res.rr.com) 10:05 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Doc sprints 10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: patrickdsouza is planning a doc sprint in NYC for 3rd week in May 10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: what do you need to organize a doc sprint? 10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: a place, food, etc.; maybe get local sponsors 10:07 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a> 10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: also need a targeted promotion campaign 10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … if the audience is too general, not good 10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: I have access to about 3000 JS devs through meetup 10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … what i need is someone with experience with doc sprints 10:09 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: I might be able to make that, depending on the date 10:09 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Thursday is better than Friday, which is right before Memorial Day weekend 10:10 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Probably not good to do multiple days, in conjunction with Internet Week 10:10 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Should have a focus for the sprint, probably MS’s JS docs 10:11 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … This should be an easy way to start participating, reviewing the imported docs 10:12 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Might be nice to have a per-page script to check for issues, or a checklist 10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need to find someone who is strong with JS to lead the sprint 10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Need to define a process for people to follow, step by step 10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need someone to draw up the process, test it, etc. before the sprint 10:16 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Maybe get John Resig involved? 10:16 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … I’ll see if he could do a keynote or something 10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: We should get someone who has experience with the WPD site 10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I’m familiar with WPD and JS, and I’ll be there 10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Might actually be a good idea to do multiple days 10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … There are a lot of other things going on that week, and that would give people more options of when to come 10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need to get the event onto the internet week event page 10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: I can do that 10:19 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: It’s only a month out, so need to start planning social media campaign now 10:20 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: How about Wednesday and Thursday? 10:20 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: I can make it for that 10:21 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Other doc sprints 10:22 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Dates for NYC sprint are May 22 and 23 10:22 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I should be able to make that 10:23 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Sprint at OSCON in Portland OR in July? 10:23 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I talked to someone from OSCON 10:24 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … had a call last week, about WPD and W3Conf 10:25 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … They are going to get back with me next week 10:25 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We may be able to get venue space from them 10:26 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … In any case, we can find some venue in portland 10:28 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a href="http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013">http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013</a> 10:31 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; i need to peel off the call. i’m available on irc. 10:31 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; yes wednesday and thursday. i’ll work on the venues. 10:34 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; <a href="http://www.communityleadershipsummit.com/">http://www.communityleadershipsummit.com/</a> 10:37 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: I’ll be in Portland that whole week, so maybe something Monday and Tuesday of that week 10:37 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Peter and I want to do a doc sprint in NYC on September 13 10:38 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … To do thru Google, just have to fill out a form, and boom, instant doc sprint 10:38 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Not too close in time to Amsterdam sprint 10:39 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Amsterdam sprint is rolling along 10:40 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/Community_Development">/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/Community_Development</a> 10:41 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Doug’s great idea 10:42 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: patrickdsouza was talking about “evergreen” content vs. “seasonal” content 10:42 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; yes 10:42 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: e.g., evergreen is stuff that people will always be looking for, e.g., CSS properties 10:43 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; seasonal is like the pointer event 10:43 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; or do not track 10:43 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; seasonal is news-related or time-based 10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: It doesn’t make sense to buy ads for evergreen content, should do it for a seasonal campaign 10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … led me to think about what seasonal content we have 10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … currently, DRM and Do Not Track 10:45 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; <a href="http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/183963/ftc-defends-w3cs-do-not-track-initiative-to-congr.html#axzz2RJGLdvCH">http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/183963/ftc-defends-w3cs-do-not-track-initiative-to-congr.html#axzz2RJGLdvCH</a> 10:45 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; ftc 10:45 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Feds are telling ad companies to work with W3C if they don’t want external regulation 10:46 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Could have blog posts about technical aspects of these topics 10:47 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … could drive traffic from hacker news, reddit, etc. 10:47 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We have our alpha disclaimer, but we don’t have a notice about our current push 10:48 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Let’s find a controversial thing to bring people to the site, and then they’ll see other things we’re working on 10:49 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: sounds great, but how do you know when something is going to be in the news, and be prepared? 10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Like what we did for pointer events, had presentations, wrote docs, coordinated with Last Call for the spec, did a blog post 10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … won’t always be feasible 10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Should always have our current push in the banner 10:51 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … things like DRM and DNT, have been bubbling for a couple of years 10:52 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … W3C comms team is plugged into things that may come to the fore 10:52 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Stewards may also have info about upcoming news 10:52 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane) 10:53 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We should have evergreen content ready to go, then do a blog post when there’s a news cycle about it 10:54 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: some things like WebRTC are both new and exciting, and very slow moving 10:56 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: we can’t always know, but if we know about something in advance, we should work on making sure we have docs for that 10:58 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: We should look for ways to measure the effectiveness of different news cycles at bringing in contributors 10:58 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we can judge the effectiveness by using tracking campaigns 10:58 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: need to establish success metrics around recruiting 11:03 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we definitely need to add tracking ids before a campaign to identify the success of a campaign(doc sprints or social media campaigns). number of comments and discussions around it and improvement in search engine rankings. 11:03 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; and new v/s returning users. 11:04 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we can discuss this at the analytics task force meeting.</p>
<h2>Tuesday, April 16, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
<li>Establish an irregular meeting time (lack of agenda cancels)</li>
<li>Doc Sprints - plan for up-coming events:
<ul>
<li>OpenHelp?</li>
<li>OS Con?</li>
<li>East Coast US?</li>
<li>Amsterdam?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Populate public-webplaform-news
<ul>
<li><a href="/docs/WPD/Projects/Communications/Universities">Universities</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Further planning</li>
</ul>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<p>At today’s meeting of the Community Development task force, we had the following.</p>
<h4>Agenda</h4>
<ul>
<li>Establish an irregular meeting time.</li>
<li>Develop a plan for university outreach and communication.</li>
<li>Decide when/where to hold up-coming doc sprints.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Actions</h4>
<h5>Meeting time</h5>
<ul>
<li>Resolved: the meeting’s appointed time shall remain Tuesdays via Zakim at 10:00 Pacific Time, to be held only if there is an agenda.</li>
<li>Doug (shepazu): confirm the Zakim reservation and reestablish the conference code, 3627 for these meetings.</li>
</ul>
<h5>University outreach</h5>
<ul>
<li>Julee to contact Alex (jkomoros) about potential internship funding and availability.</li>
<li>Julee to create internal spreadsheet listing contacts, their address and particulars.</li>
<li>All to fill in the spreadsheet with contacts - having done the legwork to sign them up.</li>
<li>Doug (shepazu) to contact W3C member universities.</li>
<li>Julee to edit student recruitment message [1] with more detail about internships and specific tasks/projects for recruits.</li>
</ul>
<h5>Doc Sprints</h5>
<ul>
<li>Resolved: Holding a doc sprint at OpenHelp would be contingent upon Mozilla also holding a doc sprint. Not likely.</li>
<li>Tabled: Doc sprint at OSCon, July in Portland, OR.</li>
<li>Tabled: Doc sprint to coincide with Internet Week New York [2].</li>
<li>Tabled: Doc sprint in North Carolina.</li>
<li>Tabled: Doc sprint in New York or Boston area late summer.</li>
<li>Scott: To work with Peter to identify conferences to target for New York/Boston late summer.</li>
<li>Tabled: Doc sprint in Amsterdam, with Frontiers conference in October.</li>
</ul>
<h5>Next meeting</h5>
<p>We’ll hold another meeting next week to discuss progress on actions and tabled items.</p>
<h4>Minutes</h4>
<p>10:10 AM — julee present 10:12 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; present 10:12 AM — jswisher is present 10:12 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; present 10:12 AM &lt;waiseto&gt; present 10:12 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane) 10:13 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; first decision: we’ll keep this time and bridge 10:13 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Doug will make sure that the old conference number, 3627 is valid 10:15 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/Projects/Communications/Universities">/docs/WPD/Projects/Communications/Universities</a> 10:17 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; University outreach: Julee edited the above 10:18 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jkomoros mentioned that there may be internship money available. 10:23 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Julee to confirm with Doug, Alex that we have a program in place before we advertise it in public-webplatform-news. 10:23 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; It may be a Google Summer of Code or like program. 10:24 AM → jay_ joined (57bd77b9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.189.119.185) 10:25 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: Summer of Code excludes documentation work 10:32 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Wei to send note to Web Education group of W3C, requesting subscriptions to public-webplatform-news, with the body of Julee’s Universities note. 10:43 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Julee to create an internal (not shared publicly) spreadsheet of addresses. 10:46 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: All to contribute recruits to the spreadsheet. 10:46 AM &lt;julee&gt; W3C university members 10:46 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: shepazu to contact Universities that are members of W3C 10:46 AM &lt;waiseto&gt; <a href="http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Member/List">http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Member/List</a> :) 10:47 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: English writing programs, technical communication, engineering. 10:50 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; next topic, doc sprints 10:50 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: would like to know who can help with an east coast doc sprint 10:51 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: question on the suitability of OpenHelp 10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: OpenHelp does not attract a lot of web developers 10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: we would need to reruit our own attendees 10:56 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: attending with Mozilla would build ties between us and Moz 10:56 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: might be an opportunity to build content on both sites 10:58 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a> 11:01 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Community_Events">/docs/WPD/Community/Community_Events</a> 11:01 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; resolved: Doc Sprint at OpenHelp contingent upon Mozilla’s participation. 11:02 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Meeting adjourned</p>
<p>[1] <a href="/docs/WPD/Projects/Communications/Universities">/docs/WPD/Projects/Communications/Universities</a> [2] <a href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a></p>

<!-- Attributions: None declared for this document. -->
            </div>
            <div class="topics-nav">
              <ul>
                <li><a href="/docs/Beginners">Beginners</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts">Concepts</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/html">HTML</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/css">CSS</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts/accessibility">Accessibility</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/javascript">JavaScript</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/dom">DOM</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/svg">SVG</a></li>
              </ul>
            </div>
            <div class="clear"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer id="mw-footer">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="footer-wordmark">
          <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/docs/blob/master/LICENSE.md" class="license">
            <img src="/assets/cc-by-black.svg" width="120" height="42" alt="Content available under CC-BY, except where otherwise noted.">
          </a>
          <a href="/"><span id="footer-title">WebPlatform<span id="footer-title-light">.org</span></span></a>
        </div>
        <!-- ul class="stewards">
          <li class="steward-w3c"><a href="/stewards/w3c">W3C</a></li>
        </ul -->
      </div>
    </footer>
    <script src="/assets/js/docs.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
