<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs with-toc">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>0207 raw mtg notes · WebPlatform Docs</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/docs.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/highlight.css" />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <!--[if lt IE 7]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE7.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE8.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE9.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/ie7.css"><![endif]-->
    
    
    
    <script src="/bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="/bower_components/vue/dist/vue.min.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr skin-webplatform action-view">
    
    <header id="mw-head" class="noprint">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="p-logo">
            <a href="/"  title="Visit the home page"></a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </header>
    <nav id="sitenav">
    <div class="container">
      <ul class="links">
          <li><a href="/" class="active">THE DOCS</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/Community">CONNECT</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/WPD/Contributors_Guide/">CONTRIBUTE</a></li>
          <li><a href="/blog/">BLOG</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </nav>

    <div id="siteNotice">
      <div id="localNotice" dir="ltr" lang="en">
    
        <div class="notice" style="margin:10px auto; position: relative; width: 90%; max-width: 950px;">
          <div style="padding: 10px; border-radius: 4px; background-color: rgb(249, 247, 243); box-shadow: 0px 0px 1px rgb(167, 169, 172);">
            <strong>Notice:</strong>&nbsp;The WebPlatform project, supported by various stewards between 2012 and 2015, has been <b>discontinued</b>. This site is now available on <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/webplatform.github.io/">github</a>.
          </div>
        </div>
    
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="mw-body">
      <div class="container">
        <a id="top"></a>
        <div class="tool-area">
              <div id="hierarchy-menu">
                  <ol id="breadcrumb-info" class="breadcrumbs">
                    <li><a href="/">DOCS</a></li>
                  	<li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/">WPD/Community</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/">Meetings</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/">General</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/">2014</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/0207_raw mtg notes/">0207 raw mtg notes</a></li>
                  </ol>
              </div>
        </div>
        <div id="page">
          <div id="page-content">
            <div id="main-content">

<h1>0207 raw mtg notes</h1>
<pre><code>  jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>scribenick: jkomoros_</p>
<p>topic: MDN Compat Tables</p>
<pre><code>  jentesting
</code></pre>
<p>I won’t be on the phone today, but I’ll lurk in this channel if my tethered phone connection says working. This is Jen Simmons, btw.</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>shepazu: frozenice made a script to pull in data from MDN</p>
<p>… renoirb made a conversion script from that format into more clean data</p>
<pre><code>renoirb
</code></pre>
<p>is sorry to be late</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… we’re using MDN as the starting point for compat data, since it’s tehc loest match to our page structure.</p>
<p>… using the caniuse json format to format the JSON</p>
<p>… later we’ll work with our own data format that will be able to accomodate data from our sources</p>
<p>… but this is an easy first pass</p>
<p>… next we should be able to work on the medaiwiki extension that takes the json and injects into web pages</p>
<p>… uses something like this format</p>
<p>… we’re going to modify that script slightly to work with the new data</p>
<p>… then I think we’re good to put this data out</p>
<p>renoirb: There’s some limitations on the script that frozenice mentioned</p>
<p>… trying to understand it, but basically it doesn’t fetch all because of limitations on paginations on kuma</p>
<p>… so we might need to dig a bt deeper on that</p>
<p>shepazu: Might have to do with ratelimiting</p>
<pre><code>renoirb
</code></pre>
<p>Look at the “Current issues” <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/mdn-compat-importer/blob/master/README.md#current-issues">https://github.com/webplatform/mdn-compat-importer/blob/master/README.md#current-issues</a></p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… the big thing is that we have a working conversion script</p>
<p>renoirb: This link ^ has information on the current issues</p>
<p>… so it’s probably not all data, but we can compare later when we can get more</p>
<p>karlcow [~karl@nerval.la-grange.net] entered the room.</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>jkomoros_: Is this a run-once-and-never-again kind of thing?</p>
<p>shepazu: We’ve been assumign we’re going to run it once</p>
<p>… MDN data isn’t updated all of that often</p>
<p>… renoirb wrote a rigorous script (with frozenice ), so if we need to, we can run it again</p>
<p>jkomoros_: I was more thinking, if we work on the data, later imports could blow it away</p>
<p>shepazu: I wish jswisher were here today, but we’d love to work closer with MDN</p>
<p>… there’s room for improvement in the data, especially when we merge in caniuse</p>
<p>… we could have different data sources all munged into one data source</p>
<p>… we’re going to do that with caniuse and W3C test suite anyway</p>
<p>… we could store our own updated data in a separate store and then merge those on</p>
<p>… so our data would take precedence over MDN (likely)</p>
<p>… make all the data available via the same API from multiple sources</p>
<p>shepazu: Jeremie Pationnier (sp?) is driving an effort in MDN to improve their compat tables data</p>
<p>… they weren’t aware of this project. We’ll make the normalized data available to them, obviously</p>
<p>… to help them structure their data more consistently. Hopefully we can convince the MDN folks to join forces with this project</p>
<p>hyperair left the room (quit: Ping timeout: 245 seconds).</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>jkomoros_: That could be difficult in practice, but if it works, great!</p>
<p>shepazu: I’ll reach out to MDN folks about what we’re doing, our next steps, our current status, etc on Compat tables</p>
<p>… I’m going to try to work on the script (working with renoirb) over the next week to try to get the script (the extension for mediawiki) going</p>
<p>… will also work with ryanlane</p>
<p>… hopefully we’ll have, by next friday, the compat table information generated and displayed in the site</p>
<p>[much rejoicing]</p>
<p>… after that, major blocker for announcing CSS prop project is the ready/not-ready flag</p>
<p>… we have the groundwork laid for that so hopefully it won’t be too challenging</p>
<p>… eliezerb already wrote the template for that</p>
<p>… and then we need to start talking about how to make the announcement</p>
<p>topic: WPW for JS</p>
<p>shepazu: since jen isn’t here we can’t talk about home page effort</p>
<p>… so I think the rest of this meeting should be about JS WPW</p>
<p>… eliot helped drive a blog post from maxpolk about JS and the community</p>
<p>… I thought it was very nicely done</p>
<p>… we now have the JS stuff imported</p>
<p>… and have WPW coming up.</p>
<p>julee__:</p>
<p>… this week I tried to get folks to contribute to the Gold Standard JS page</p>
<pre><code>renoirb
</code></pre>
<p>julee: I did a little bit</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… no one volunteered. I did some work and then requested that folks contribute examples, and no one stepped up</p>
<p>… eliot added a sub-agenda item about what’s the plan</p>
<p>…we have everything set up, we just need to have contributors and coordinators</p>
<p>… I’m a little hesitant about what will happen next week, since no one has stepped up yet</p>
<p>… maybe if we can have some of us on this phone call volunteer to coordinate</p>
<p>… and maye amplify the blog post</p>
<p>… and tweet</p>
<p>… to get some folks back into the fold</p>
<p>shepazu: I think there’s a matter of bringing more people into the fold</p>
<p>… the people who care about JS might be different than the ones who helped out with WPW for CSS</p>
<p>… maybe we should have two WPW’s running: JS and HTML at the same time?</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: Given that we can’t find enough for one, I think we should just focus on JS</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliot: We need to walk before we run</p>
<p>… the bottleneck now is getting it going, and JS is the priority above HTML</p>
<p>… if we have momentum from that we can look at also kicking off JS</p>
<p>… I agree that audiences are different potentially</p>
<p>shepazu: I think it will be harder to find JS people to contribute than HTML people to contrbute</p>
<p>… so it seems harder to start on JS than HTML</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: i see that as well</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… I was being firm on JS project since we had excitement about it this summer and had announced our intention</p>
<p>… but I’m willing to reassess</p>
<p>eliot: I think you’re both right but [scribe was asleep at the wheel for a minute]</p>
<p>shepazu: so maybe we start more modestly as we ramp up. we have say 5 people</p>
<p>… maybe we do 5 JS pages a week to start (or maybe 10) and build up a base of contributors that way</p>
<p>… I’m concerned with having a gap if we aim too high (like 20), that could have us lose momentum</p>
<p>… maybe if we shoot for 5 and ramp up as capacity increases</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: I’m less worried about numbers than having hte commitment to be coordinators</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… and do the community work to pull folks in</p>
<p>shepazu: Filling out reference pages is easy but boring</p>
<p>… what if we tried to pair (or gave as an option) take a reference page, and also consider writing a longer article/tutorial about using the feature</p>
<p>… there might be some peopel that woudl appeal to</p>
<p>jkomoros_: My gut is that’s more work for them to do, making it less likely</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: But making the work more interesting is a good idea</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>shepazu: So maybe we need to highlight the more interesting aspects</p>
<p>Jeremie [~Jeremie@89.202.203.52] entered the room.</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliot: I think that’s what came out in the CSS props project: people liked the example code bits best</p>
<p>julee__: And if there are good examples on the page, then people who are less knolwedgable can pull from those to write reference</p>
<p>… this week when I tried to get people involved I asked fo rpeople to write examples</p>
<p>shepazu: I don’t think I could write a good article on JS</p>
<p>… I could do it for SVG or HTML or CSS</p>
<p>… JS feels like it has a higher bar for quality</p>
<pre><code>renoirb
</code></pre>
<p>q+</p>
<p>shepazu, julee__</p>
<p>Go ahead Eliott</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliot: What I say at doc sprints to that: “we’re nto writing the definitive book, we’re writing a wiki”</p>
<p>… others can come to edit/contribute/amend</p>
<p>… we’re not shooting for perfect, but solid</p>
<p>shepazu: I still feel like JS is harder</p>
<p>… and that there will be others like me who are intimidated</p>
<p>renoirb: How about some of us take some time looking at good blogs/sites and ask them to help?</p>
<p>… and JS communities to contact</p>
<p>shepazu: What’s the timing on all of this?</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: I outlined in the blog post that we’ll release the pages on tuesday nights</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… and blog post specifically mentioned next tuesday</p>
<p>ACTION: everyone to share the blog post about JS WPW and contact people in their community to amplify and join</p>
<p>[renoirb, eliot, shepazu commit to being coordinators]</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: Process can be same as before</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… once people know what they’re doing we can have people volunteer to coordinate</p>
<p>… plan was to get import done in Jan, WPW in Feb, and then we have the fluentconft</p>
<p>… where there are a lot of folks who can join us</p>
<p>… then the docsprint in… belgium?</p>
<p>shepazu: Isn’t that on hold?</p>
<p>julee__: After the docsprint in march we can assess if we’re getting enough contributors, how it’s going, or if we should move over to HTML</p>
<p>eliot: What about having HTML ready for fluent?</p>
<p>… to leverage that expertise there?</p>
<p>shepazu: That seems reasonable</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: I thought fluent was more about JS developers</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliot: I think it will be both</p>
<pre><code>jentesting
</code></pre>
<p>Fluent used to be about JS only, but they are pushing hard to make it Web Platform in general</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>shepazu: Just want to make sure we don’t turn people away who don’t want to do JS</p>
<pre><code>jentesting
</code></pre>
<p>and yes, the Belgium doc sprint doesn’t have any dates. April was proposed, but won’t work.</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliot: I’m willing to drive that effort to get ready for HTML by then</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: and I can help as well… I just don’t know if we have enough consistent community management to be able to handle both</p>
<p>_cheney left the room (quit: Read error: Connection reset by peer).</p>
<p>_cheney [~cheney@nat.sierrabravo.net] entered the room.</p>
<p>mode (+o _cheney) by ChanServ</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>eliiot: I think most important is getting the golden example pages for element + attribute</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>julee: I’m okay with that</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>… especially given the number of peopel who will be there</p>
<p>eliot: I’ll be there, too</p>
<p>… docsprint is open to public</p>
<p>shepazu: So we have a plan to announce and what we’ll be doing</p>
<p>eliot: I’m sitll a little unclear about this coming week’s</p>
<p>shepazu: My perception is that we have a: we work on a blogpost and each of us tries to find at least one expert to volunteer</p>
<p>julee__: The blgopost is already out to point people at</p>
<p>… sot he idea is to announce that the WPW will start next wek</p>
<p>… and send out to folks</p>
<p>… on tuesday we should have a blog post about the topics for the first week</p>
<p>… I was going to start with Array and see who shows up</p>
<p>shepazu: MDN has excellent JS docs</p>
<p>… maybe we should see if people who contributed there would be interested in being involved</p>
<p>ACTION shepazu to reach out to MDN folks who contributed to JS documentation and see if they want to be involved in JS WPW</p>
<pre><code>renoirb
</code></pre>
<p>wants to have your feeling about <a href="http://www.w3.org/mid/2703272A-5C27-4FDE-A62A-7133307BE3D2@w3.org">http://www.w3.org/mid/2703272A-5C27-4FDE-A62A-7133307BE3D2@w3.org</a></p>
<p>AGENDA+ ^</p>
<pre><code>jkomoros_
</code></pre>
<p>[scribe was distracted for a few minutes]</p>
<p>shepazu: I think to keep the community we need to keep up the engagement</p>
<p>… short term we just need to find people to help with JS stuff</p>
<p>ACTION: shepazu to create a doodle poll about moving this meeting</p>

<!-- Attributions: None declared for this document. -->
            </div>
            <div class="topics-nav">
              <ul>
                <li><a href="/docs/Beginners">Beginners</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts">Concepts</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/html">HTML</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/css">CSS</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts/accessibility">Accessibility</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/javascript">JavaScript</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/dom">DOM</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/svg">SVG</a></li>
              </ul>
            </div>
            <div class="clear"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer id="mw-footer">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="footer-wordmark">
          <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/docs/blob/master/LICENSE.md" class="license">
            <img src="/assets/cc-by-black.svg" width="120" height="42" alt="Content available under CC-BY, except where otherwise noted.">
          </a>
          <a href="/"><span id="footer-title">WebPlatform<span id="footer-title-light">.org</span></span></a>
        </div>
        <!-- ul class="stewards">
          <li class="steward-w3c"><a href="/stewards/w3c">W3C</a></li>
        </ul -->
      </div>
    </footer>
    <script src="/assets/js/docs.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
